Source: https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/544

We’re sorry, some parts of the Airbnb website don’t work properly without JavaScript enabled.
How-to • Guest
Canceling during your stay
If anything unexpected comes up during your stay, try contacting your host to discuss a solution first. It’s likely that they’ll help you fix it right away. If you’d like to request a refund or cancel your reservation, we can help you start a request with your host.
Message your host
You can
message your host directly
to discuss a solution. If you come to an agreement with your host, there’s a higher chance your request will be approved.
Start a request within 72 hours
You’ll need to start a request to cancel your reservation within 72 hours of finding the problem to be eligible for a refund.
You can:
Ask your host to fix the issue
Request a partial refund
Request to cancel for a full refund
If your host says yes, your refund will go back to your original payment method. If your host doesn’t reply or says no, you can ask Airbnb for help
What you’ll need to do
Gather proof
: Take photos or videos of the problem (for example, broken amenities).
Submit a request to your host
: Explain the issue, add photos, and say how you want to resolve it.
Wait for a reply
: If the host doesn’t help, ask Airbnb to step in. We’ll review our
Rebooking and refund policy for homes
to help resolve the issue.
Major Disruptive Events
In the rare circumstances that a large-scale event at your destination prevents completion of your reservation, you may be eligible for a refund under our
Major Disruptive Events Policy
.
Did this article help?
Yes
No
Related articles
How-to • Guest
Canceling a trip due to a Major Disruptive Event
If you need to cancel because a large-scale event at your destination prevents completion of your reservation, we can help.
How-to • Guest
If you have a problem or issue during your reservation
You have 72 hours to report any issue to your host or to Airbnb from the time of discovery if you have any problems with your home, service, or experience reservation.
Community policy
Rebooking and refund policy for homes
Please review our Rebooking and refund policy for homes.