Source: https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/279

We’re sorry, some parts of the Airbnb website don’t work properly without JavaScript enabled.
How-to • Home host
Host damage protection
Host damage protection, part of
AirCover for Hosts
, reimburses Hosts up to $3 million in the rare event your place or belongings are damaged by a guest during an Airbnb stay. You’re reimbursed for certain damage caused by guests to your home and belongings if the guest does not pay for the damage. It also reimburses for extra cleaning services in certain cases, like removing stains left by guests (or their invitees) or pet accidents and smoke odor removal.
Start a reimbursement request
File for reimbursement for damage, missing items, or unexpected cleaning.
Get started
What’s covered
Host damage protection covers you for:
Damage to your home, furnishings, valuables, or belongings caused by guests (or their invitees)
Damage to parked cars, boats, or other vehicles caused by guests (or their invitees)
Extra cleaning costs required to remove stains left by guests (or their invitees) or pet accidents, smoke odor removal, or when required due to additional unapproved guests
Income lost if you need to cancel confirmed Airbnb bookings due to damage caused by a guest (or their invitees)
When you offer an emergency place to stay through Airbnb.org, you’re still covered by Host damage protection.
Host damage protection doesn’t cover:
Damage from normal wear and tear
Loss of currency
Loss due to acts of nature (ex: earthquakes and hurricanes)
Injury or property damage to guests or others (those may be covered by
Host liability insurance
)
Cleaning associated with normal check-out tasks (ex: laundry, dishes, or trash removal)
Other limitations apply
The reimbursement process
Here’s how to get reimbursed if damage does happen during a stay:
Document the issue by taking photos or videos, getting repair or cleaning estimates, and/or receipt.
Within 14 days of the responsible guest’s checkout, file a reimbursement request in the
Resolution Center
.
Your guest will have 24 hours to respond to the request. If they don’t respond, pay partially, or decline payment, you’ll be able to submit a reimbursement request under Host damage protection. Airbnb Support will then step in and review the request. (If the accommodation is in Washington state, our insurer will review the request.)
Keep in mind that if you want to involve Airbnb Support in your AirCover for Hosts request, you will need to do so and submit the supporting documentation of the damage within 14 days of the damage or loss.
How Host damage protection works with cleaning and pet fees
If you choose to include cleaning fees or a pet fee, please keep in mind that they are meant to cover expected costs.
Host damage protection, on the other hand, covers unexpected costs related to additional cleaning in certain situations or pet damage—for instance, removing smoke odor or replacing your sofa because a dog chewed it up.
To learn more about Host damage protection, go to the
terms
.
Disclaimer:
Host damage protection isn’t an insurance policy. It doesn’t protect Hosts who offer stays in Japan, where
Japan Host Insurance
applies or Hosts who offer stays through Airbnb Travel LLC. Keep in mind that all coverage limits are shown in USD.
For listings in Washington state, Airbnb’s contractual obligations under Host damage protection are covered by an insurance policy purchased by Airbnb. Host damage protection isn’t related to Host liability insurance. Host damage protection is subject to
terms, conditions, and limitations
.
Note:
This article is part of
Getting protected through AirCover for Hosts
, a guide about damage and liability coverage.
Did this article help?
Yes
No
Related articles
Guide • Home host
Getting protected through AirCover for Hosts
AirCover for Hosts is top-to-bottom protection for Airbnb Hosts.
How-to • Host
AirCover for hosts
AirCover for hosts is a program that includes guest identity verification, reservation screening, $3M host damage protection, $1M host liability insurance, $1M Experiences liability insurance, and a 24-hour safety line.
How-to • Host
Host liability insurance
Host liability insurance is a key component of AirCover for hosts, which is top-to-bottom protection for Airbnb hosts.