Source: https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/140

We’re sorry, some parts of the Airbnb website don’t work properly without JavaScript enabled.
How-to
Security deposits
Most hosts are not allowed to charge security deposits, either through our
Resolution Center
or outside the Airbnb platform. To address damage or accidents that happen during a stay, Airbnb offers top-to-bottom protection through
AirCover for Hosts
.
However, some hosts, including
select software-connected hosts
, may collect a security deposit off of the Airbnb platform. In these instances in which security deposits are permitted, they must be shown in the appropriate fee field so that it’s properly disclosed to guests.
Hotels can collect deposits outside of the Airbnb platform
Hotels may ask for a credit card at check-in to cover the cost of incidentals or a security deposit as part of their standard procedures, but this must be disclosed in the listing. The deposit, minus any charges, is usually released upon checkout. Acceptable forms of deposit or credit card holds vary by hotel policy.
Damage reimbursements without a security deposit
If a guest, their invitee, or their pet causes damage during a home, service, or experience reservation, the host can request reimbursement from the guest through our
Resolution Center
. If Airbnb reviews the case and determines the guest is responsible, their payment method may be charged.
Guests
: Learn what to do
if you accidentally cause damage
Hosts
: Learn how to request reimbursement for
damage, missing items, or unexpected cleaning
Did this article help?
Yes
No
Related articles
How-to
Collecting fees outside Airbnb
Hosts may not collect any additional fees or charges outside the Airbnb platform unless expressly authorized by Airbnb.
How-to • Home host
Managing listings with property management software
If the team owner account manages Airbnb listings through property management software, the software can be used to manage listings created by the hosting team.
How-to • Guest
If a host asks you to pay outside Airbnb
If an Airbnb host on the Airbnb site asks you to pay outside or through another company, report it to us.